==Level System==

===Asherons Call Type Proposal===
XP can be spent on skills between levels. Apon reaching a level threshhold the
creature is "levelled up" and granted attribute points to spend.

Questions?
Do we grant every creature every skill at the start?
    - Yes. All skills are given randomly rolled stats.
    - All skills are visible. Reduces "classes"

Or do we let players "buy" skills instead of attribute points?
    - Don't like this. Less balance control over time.
    - Removes a seperate reward. Incentive to make attribs rewarding.

Perhaps you can "buy" training to boost low skills up to usable levels?
    - Let's try and avoid this. New recruits should not be useless at later
      levels.

When creature is created do they get some randomly boosted skills?
    - This gives more variety to randomly generated squad members
    - Hopefully dice rolls will avoid the need to deliberately do this.

*How it works*
* 8 players are randomly generated. They have all skills with random attributes
* Players gain XP from killing mobs.
* XP is per player. There isn't a pool to be shared amongst them.
* After each map XP can be pumped into any available skills.
* XP can be saved for later.
* When certain XP is reached the player levels up. He is then granted an
  attribute point to spend on STR/DEX/INT
* More skills become available through the tech tree. All creatures get them
  and are randomly set as per every other skill.

*Rewards*
    Players are continually rewarded after every map without having to wait until level up.
Level up provides an extra reward and a "pause" in the gameplay for the player
to think about the direction he is taking his squad.


